[LiveComponent] Add Documentation for testing with LiveCollectionType (#2517)
symfony/ux: src/LiveComponent/doc/index.rst

    The ``InteractsWithLiveComponents`` trait can only be used in tests that extend
    ``Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Test\KernelTestCase``.

Test LiveCollectionType
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To test the submission of a form within a Live Component (with the above ``submitForm`` helper) containing a ``LiveCollectionType``, you first need to programmatically add the desired number of entries to the form, replicating the action of clicking the "Add" button.

So, if the following are the forms used::

    use Symfony\UX\LiveComponent\Form\Type\LiveCollectionType;

    // Parent FormType used in the Live Component
    class LiveCollectionFormType extends AbstractType
    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder->add('children', LiveCollectionType::class, [
                    'entry_type' => ChildFormType::class,
                ])
            ;
        }
    }

    // Child Form Type used for each entry in the collection
    class ChildFormType extends AbstractType
    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder

>                 ->add('name', TextType::class)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                ->add('firstName', TextType::class)
```

                ->add('age', IntegerType::class)
            ;
        }
    }

Use the addCollectionItem method from the LiveCollectionTrait to dynamically add entries to the children field of the form before submitting it::

    // Call the addCollectionItem method as many times as needed, specifying the name of the collection field.
    $component->call('addCollectionItem', ['name' => 'children']);
    $component->call('addCollectionItem', ['name' => 'children']);
    //... can be called as many times as you need entries in your 'children' field

    // ... then submit the form by providing data for all the fields in the ChildFormType for each added entry:
    $component->submitForm([ 'live_collection_form' => [
        'children' => [

>             ['name' => 'childName1', 'age' => 10],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            ['firstName' => 'childName1', 'age' => 10],
            ['firstName' => 'childName2', 'age' => 15],
```

    The ``InteractsWithLiveComponents`` trait can only be used in tests that extend
    ``Symfony\Bundle\FrameworkBundle\Test\KernelTestCase``.

> Test Live Collection Type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test LiveCollectionType
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> 

Reviewer 2: Just a quick note here, in RST you need to use double backtiks to mark technical words (you could not know ;)  )

```diff
- the above `submitForm` helper) containing a `LiveCollectionType`, you
+ the above ``submitForm`` helper) containing a ``LiveCollectionType``, you
```

> To test the submission of a form within a Live Component (with the above `submitForm` helper) containing a `LiveCollectionType`, you first need to physically add the number of entries that you want to test in your component (as if you would click on the "Add" button on the screen).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To test the submission of a form within a Live Component (with the above ``submitForm`` helper) containing a ``LiveCollectionType``, you first need to programmatically add the desired number of entries to the form, replicating the action of clicking the "Add" button.
```

So, if the following are the forms used::

>     // Parent FormType used in the Live Component
>     use Symfony\UX\LiveComponent\Form\Type\LiveCollectionType;
> 
>     class LiveCollectionFormType extends AbstractType

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    use Symfony\UX\LiveComponent\Form\Type\LiveCollectionType;

    // Parent FormType used in the Live Component
    class LiveCollectionFormType extends AbstractType
```

    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder->add('children', LiveCollectionType::class, [
                    'entry_type' => ChildFormType::class,
                ])
            ;
        }
    }

>     // Child Form Type used in the parent form type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Child FormType used for each entry in the collection
```

    class ChildFormType extends AbstractType
    {
        public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
        {
            $builder
                ->add('name', TextType::class)
                ->add('age', IntegerType::class)
            ;
        }
    }

> The test of the submission of such form would be with the TestHelper::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the addCollectionItem method from the LiveCollectionTrait to dynamically add entries to the children field of the form:
```

Author: Indeed more descriptive and I would add at the end of your updated comment : "before submitting it"

>     // calling the addCollectionItem from the LiveCollectionTrait with the name of field in the form

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // Call the addCollectionItem method as many times as needed, specifying the name of the collection field.
```

    $component->call('addCollectionItem', ['name' => 'children']);
    $component->call('addCollectionItem', ['name' => 'children']);
    //... can be called as many times as you need entries in your 'children' field

>     // and then submit the form

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    // ... then submit the form by providing data for all the fields in the ChildFormType:
```

Author: Looking at the next review, I would add at the end of your updated comment `for each added entry` or something of sort

    $component->submitForm([ 'live_collection_form' => [
        'children' => [

>             // submission of 2 children as created above with the fields of the ChildFormType

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

no need here i think

            ['name' => 'childName1', 'age' => 10],

>             ['name' => 'childName2', 'age' => 15]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            ['name' => 'childName2', 'age' => 15],
```
